Test your Knowledge
===================

Hi!  Want to test your knowledge about SAL? 

You can have a lot to do with the quality of translation produced by the Logos System. 

How?  By paying attention to the SAL codes assigned during a TermBuilder session.

Translation quality is never going to be any better than the quality of these codes. 

The AutoCode function of TermBuilder attempts to assign these codes automatically but such codes are never as accurate as those assigned by a tutored human.

By mastering the SAL coding conventions and vetting the Autocode-assigned codes before updating the dictionary, you will be doing much to improve the intelligence the system uses to accomplish translation.

One way to master the SAL codes is to measure your own accuracy in assigning codes  The Learning Exercises that follow allow you to try your skills at coding and to measure your competency.

Would you like to test your SAL competency? Great! Let's get started.

What we'll do first is present you with a list of words and ask you to assign SAL codes to them. 

In "Test Your Knowledge One," you can use the Tutorial to help.  We provide the correct answers through an answer key, too, so you can check your progress.

In the later exercises, "Test Your Knowledge Two and Three," you will be on your own.   If you like, you can send us the exercise results for evaluation.   


Test Your Knowledge 1
---------------------

This Test presupposes that you have worked your way through Learning Exercises 1, 2, and 3.  In the Learning Exercises, you could refer to an Answer Key to check your SAL noun coding accuracy.

However, in the Test Your Knowledge section of this tutorial, the correct answers are not given.  Instead, your test will be sent to a Logos expert for evaluation.  Upon completing the test, simply click on the submit button. 

A Logos SAL coding expert will check your answers and ship the correct results and your score to your e-mail address as you have given it.

To do this Test, simply type the appropriate mnemonic code after each noun or noun phrase in the box below. 

You are free to access the SAL tutorial for help in completing this test.  Recommended is the graphic overview of each Superset.  

SAL Noun Coding Test
--------------------

Enter the appropriate mnemonic code after each noun or noun phrase.
(There are 50 entries to code.)

.. raw:: html

    <textarea rows="53" cols="80">
        My Name: 
        My Email Address:  
 
        1.   sterling silver:   
        2.   goal:  
        3.   litter (refuse):     
        4.   storage battery:   
        5.   copyright date:   
        6.   common denominator:   
        7.   solar energy:   
        8.   scheme:   
        9.   power brake:   
        10.  front entrance:   
        11.  bank vault:   
        12.  hostility:   
        13.  unsteadiness:   
        14.  political freedom:   
        15.  natural rubber:   
        16.  factory serial number:   
        17.  native  custom: 
        18.  intention:   
        19.  sulphuric acid:   
        20.  presentiment: 
        21.  plastic funnel:   
        22.  intercom:   
        23.  sort routine:   
        24.  blandness:   
        25.  proving ground:   
        26.  suitcase:   
        27.  northern border: 
        28.  stockpile:   
        29.  luggage rack:   
        30.  front piece:   
        31.  colleague:   
        32.  constitutional amendment:   
        33.  operations staff:   
        34.  basic requirement:   
        35.  loading weight:   
        36.  manufacturing method:   
        37.  weekend:   
        38.  newsletter:   
        39.  stock exchange:   
        40.  cruising altitude:   
        41.  disk space:   
        42.  spreadsheet: 
        43.  sirocco: 
        44.  mix: 
        45.  gold bullion: 
        46.  beef bullion:   
        47.  mileage counter:   
        48.  search warrant: 
        49.  tranquilizer: 
        50.  immigration office:     
        </textarea>
